Update RNA and ATAC containers (#11)
stjude-dnb-binfcore/devops-containers: analyses/sc-rna-seq/run-container/README.md

The `run-rstudio.sh` is running at `IP_ADDR:PORT`. When RStudio launches, please click "Session" -> "Restart R" (at the RStudio web session). Again, the user can navigate to their module of interest and explore/run their analyses.

## Running the Container Outside HPC (Docker)

> 1. Pull the Docker Container from the `sc-rna-seq-snap` root_dir:

Reviewer: Should this section (lines 81 through 107) be updated to reflect the file structure of `sc-rna-seq` projects in the `devops-containers` repo? E.g.

```suggestion
## Running the Container Outside HPC (Docker)

1. Pull the Docker Container from the `/devops-containers/analyses/sc-rna-seq` root_dir:
```

And replacing any other references to `sc-rna-seq-snap` below?

Author: Fixed here: e4a7162c55981ef51771f0bbb75779ce5841c5aa.
